1.
Write a program (function) that takes a list and returns a new list 
that contains all the elements of the first list minus all the duplicates.
2.
Write a program (using functions!) that asks the user for a long string containing 
multiple words. Print back to the user the same string, except with the words in backwards 
order.
3.
Create a program that asks the user to enter their name and their age. Print out a message
that tells how many years they have to be 100 years old.
4.
Ask the user for a number. Depending on whether the number is even 
or odd, print out an appropriate message to the user.
5.
Create a program that asks the user for a number and then prints out a list of 
all the divisors of that number.
6.
Ask the user for a string and print out whether this string is a palindrome or not.
7.
Ask the user for a number and determine whether the number is prime or not.
8.
Write a Dart function to find the common elements between two lists
9.
Write a Dart function to find the sum of even numbers in a list.
10.
Implement a Dart program to count the occurrences of each element in a list.
11.
Create a Dart function that checks if a given word is an anagram of another word.
12.
Write a Dart program to reverse the order of words in a sentence.
13.
Implement a Dart function to find the smallest common multiple of two numbers.
14.
Create a Dart program that converts a temperature from Celsius to Fahrenheit.
15.
Write a Dart function to check if a given number is a Fibonacci number.
16.
Implement a Dart program to concatenate two lists without duplicates.
17.
Create a Dart function to check if a string contains only digits.
18.
Write a Dart program to generate a Fibonacci sequence up to a given limit.
19.
Implement a Dart function that rotates the elements of a list to the right by a given number of positions.
20.
Create a Dart program that finds the second-largest element in a list.
21.
Write a Dart function to find the GCD (Greatest Common Divisor) of two numbers.
22.
Implement a Dart program to find and print all prime numbers up to a given limit.
23.
Create a Dart function to calculate the area of a circle given its radius.
24.
Write a Dart program to sort a list of strings in alphabetical order.
25.
Implement a Dart function to check if a given year is a leap year using a more concise approach.
26.
Create a Dart program to find the union of two lists.
27.
Write a Dart function to generate a list of prime numbers up to a specified limit.
28.
Implement a Dart program to calculate the factorial of a number using an iterative approach.
29.
Create a Dart function to determine if a given string is a valid email address.
30.
Write a Dart program to find the area of a rectangle given its length and width.
31.
Implement a Dart function to find the median of a list of numbers.
32.
Create a Dart program that converts a binary number to its decimal equivalent.
33.
Write a Dart function to check if a list is sorted in ascending order.
34.
Implement a Dart program to find the LCM (Least Common Multiple) of two numbers.
35.
Create a Dart function that removes vowels from a given string.
36.
Write a Dart program to find the factorial of a number using an iterative approach.
37.
Implement a Dart function to calculate the perimeter of a rectangle.
38.
Create a Dart program to find the square of each number in a list.
39.
Write a Dart function to determine if a given string is a palindrome without using the reverse method.
40.
Implement a Dart program to generate a list of the first N Fibonacci numbers.
50.
Create a Dart function to find the length of the longest word in a sentence.
51.
Write a Dart program to find the sum of digits in a given number.
52.
Implement a Dart function to check if a given string is a valid URL.
53.
Create a Dart program that counts the number of vowels in a given string.
54.
Write a Dart function to calculate the average of numbers in a list.
55.
Implement a Dart program to find the common elements between three lists.
56.
Create a Dart function to check if a number is a perfect square.
57.
Write a Dart program to find the area of a triangle given its base and height.


NOTE:
Feel free to attempt these questions and use them as a way to deepen your understanding
 of Dart programming. If you have any specific questions or need clarifications on any
 topic, feel free to ask At(facebook.com\Arslan4546) or whats'app(+923468459907)[text only].
